Clean the glass, clean the glass, play the card
Don't just jump around in there
To clean the glass
Hero black thought
It's all men's bone scrapers.
Yes, yes, the old pervert never deceived me
Your Majesty, yes, yes, yes.
We agreed that our brothers have to worship today
Chen Reese See Your Majesty
Kneel down
Press hands and feet
Young people come
Prime Minister, you see, this is the demon I invented
Make men want to stop?
Your Majesty
Immerse in the sound of fascination on Sunday and get close to women
Will it delay the court?
Isn't the prime minister's government run by you?
I don't need to ask
The most important thing for me now
Have a baby
What His Majesty said
If His Majesty has this matter
You can become a prince
So the Queen of the country also said the same
Your Majesty, this ceremony is not written
The position of Libu Shushu and Zadu Imperial History
I have a list
Your Majesty, I have to
Prime Minister, you are late
I have promised the concubine
The princess said that King Jin wants to arrange a few lives.
How can the harem interfere in politics?
How could this princess interfere in the arrangement of the courtiers?
The princess said that as long as I allow this
The princess let me be blamed
Your Majesty, are you confused?
This King of Jin is a vassal
Let him stay in the capital
It's already Your Majesty's extrajudicial mercy
He King Jin actually dared to interfere in the affairs of the court
I also invite everyone
Really? What should I do?
I have promised the concubine
If I go back on my word
I can't talk to the concubine
Oh, you know.
The minister immediately launched the courtiers to talk about where to go
Everything is up to you, Prime Minister
I retire, Prime Minister, go slowly
Hey, your dance is so boring
Well, I'll teach you one.
Memories are so beautiful
Go, Your Majesty